[3.x] Fix FreeType crashing in GCC + LTO builds. (#61803)
godotengine/godot: thirdparty/README.md

- `include/` folder, minus the `dlg` subfolder
- `LICENSE.TXT` and `docs/FTL.TXT`

> Some changes have been made in order to LTO for removing code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some changes have been made in order to prevent LTO from removing code.
```
